How much, if at all, do you worry about the following happening to you? Losing your job
How much, if at all, do you worry about the following happening to you? Not being able to pay your bills
Do you currently or have you ever owned a handgun or pistol?
Do you currently or have you ever owned a shotgun?
Please indicate whether the following is a major reason, a minor reason, or not a reason why you own a gun. For hunting
Please indicate whether the following is a major reason, a minor reason, or not a reason why you own a gun. For my job
How often, if ever, do you go shooting or to a gun range?
In general, as far as you know, how many of the guns in your home would you say are kept loaded?
How much, if at all, do you think the amount of gun violence in movies and television contributes to gun violence in the country today?
How much, if at all, do you think lack of economic opportunities contributes to gun violence in the country today?
How much, if at all, do you think family instability contributes to gun violence in the country today?
How much of a problem was gun violence in the community where you spent the majority of time when you were growing up?
Thinking about when you were growing up, as far as you know, were there ever any guns in your household or not?
Thinking about the people in the community where you spent the majority of time when you were growing up, as far as you know, how many people owned guns?
Thinking about gun owners who do not have children in their home how important do you think it is for them to: Keep all of their guns unloaded
Thinking about gun owners who do not have children in their home how important do you think it is for them to: Advise visitors that there are guns in the house
Thinking about gun owners who do not have children in their home how important do you think it is for them to: Store guns and ammunition separately
Thinking about gun owners who have children in their home, how important do you think it is for them to: Keep their shooting skills up-to-date
Do you now smoke cigarettes
Now thinking about how you see yourself, would you describe yourself as
Do you think it's a good thing or a bad thing that most people in our society look up to women who are womanly or feminine?
On a different topic how important is it to you, personally, to be seen by others as manly or masculine?
In general, how much pressure, if any, do you think men face in our country these days to do be emotionally strong?
How well, if at all, do the following words or phrases describe you? Honor and duty are my core values
How well, if at all, do the following words or phrases describe you? Assertive
When it comes to raising boys, would you say there is too much emphasis or too little emphasis on encouraging boys to be leaders these days, or is it about right?
When it comes to raising girls, would you say there is too much emphasis or too little emphasis on encouraging girls to be leaders these days, or is it about right?
When it comes to raising girls, would you say there is too much emphasis or too little emphasis on encouraging girls to talk about their feelings when they are sad or upset these days, or is it about right?
When it comes to raising girls, would you say there is too much emphasis or too little emphasis on encouraging girls to stand up for themselves these days, or is it about right?
When it comes to raising girls, would you say there is too much emphasis or too little emphasis on encouraging girls to do well in school these days, or is it about right?
In the last 12 months, how often did you talk with any of your neighbors?
In the last 12 months, how often did you and your neighbors do favors for each other?
How worried are you right now about not having enough money for retirement?
Please tell us whether you are satisfied or dissatisfied with your current job or career.
Generally speaking, would you say you can trust most people
How often, if ever, do you feel lonely or isolated from those around you
How often, if ever, do you feel you are too busy to enjoy life
How much, if at all, is access to grocery stores a problem in youR local community?
How much, if at all, is access to good doctors and hospitals a problem in youR local community?
How much, if at all, is poverty a problem in youR local community?
In the long run, do you think the increased focus on sexual harassment and assault will lead to
In general, do you think most people who live in urban areas have values that are
In general, do you think most people who live in rural areas have values that are
Thinking of your neighbors, would you say you
In general, how often, if ever, would you say you have face-to-face conversations with any of your neighbors
In general, how often, if ever, would you say you talk on the phone with any of your neighbors
In general, how often, if ever, would you say you exchange emails or text messages with any of your neighbors
Do you have any neighbors you would feel comfortable asking to watch your children for half an hour in a pinch?
As far as you know, how many of your neighbors are the same race or ethnicity as you
As far as you know, how many of your neighbors are the same social class as you
As far as you know, how many immigrants, if any, would you say there are in your local community?
Thinking about the immigrants who live in your local community, in general, would you say their impact on the community has been
Regardless of whether you would want to move, how likely is it that you will move to a different community at some point in the future?
If you could move to a different community, would you want to
If you were asked to use one of these commonly used names for the social classes, which would you say you belong in?
How often do you choose foods to eat because they are healthy and nutritious?
How often do you choose foods to eat because they are easy and most convenient?
How much of the food you eat is organic?
Do you think foods with genetically modified ingredients are generally
Even if you are not sure, which is closer to your views? Do you think foods with genetically modified ingredients are generally
How much do you, personally, care about the issue of genetically modified foods?
How likely is it that genetically modified foods will lead to more affordably-priced food
How likely is it that genetically modified foods will lead to health problems for the population as a whole
How likely is it that genetically modified foods will create problems for the environment
Thinking about medical treatments these days, how much of a problem, if at all, are the following? Healthcare providers are too quick to order tests and procedures that may not be necessary
Thinking about medical treatments these days, how much of a problem, if at all, are the following? New treatments are made available before we fully understand how they affect people's health
Thinking about medical treatments these days, how much of a problem, if at all, are the following? New treatments are so complex that patients cannot make informed decisions
Thinking about medical treatments these days, how much of a problem, if at all, are the following? The process for evaluating the safety and effectiveness of new medical treatments is too slow
Thinking about what you have heard or read, how well do you think medical researchers understand the health risks and benefits of changing a baby's genetic characteristics?
Which of these statements comes closer to your own views, even if neither is exactly right?
Thinking about the development of human life on Earth which statement comes closest to your view?
Even if you are not sure, from what you have heard or read, which of these statements about the development of human life on Earth comes closest to what most biological scientists say?
In general, how important, if at all, is it to you for someone in high political office to do be compassionate and empathetic?
In general, how important, if at all, is it to you for someone in high political office to do maintain a tone of civility and respect in politics?
In general, how important, if at all, is it to you for someone in a top executive business position to do be willing to take risks?
In general, how important, if at all, is it to you for someone in a top executive business position to do provide guidance or mentorship to young employees?
In general, how important, if at all, is it to you for someone in a top executive business position to do stand up for what they believe in, despite pressure to make a profit?
Thinking about the ways in which men and women in top positions in business and politics are different in their approach to leadership, would you say
What do you think would be the ideal situation when it comes to the number of women in top executive business positions?
Thinking about top executive positions in business these days, would you say it is generally
How much, if anything, do you think having more women in top leadership positions in business and government would do to improve the quality of life for all Americans?
Please indicate whether you think the following is is a reason why there are fewer women than men in high political offices. Many Americans aren't ready to elect a woman to higher office
Please indicate whether you think the following is is a reason why there are fewer women than men in high political offices. Women in politics face gender discrimination
Please indicate whether you think the following is is a reason why there are fewer women than men in high political offices. Fewer women have the experience required for higher office
Please indicate whether you think the following is is a reason why there are fewer women than men in high political offices. Women get less support from party leaders
Please indicate whether you think the following is is a reason why there are fewer women than men in high political offices. Women aren't encouraged to pursue leadership positions from an early age
Please indicate whether you think the following is is a reason why there are fewer women than men in high political offices. Sexual harassment creates an environment that makes it harder for women to succeed in politics
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Many businesses are not ready to hire women for top executive positions
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Family responsibilities make it harder for women to move up in business
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Women aren't tough enough for business
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Women don't make as good managers as men
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Not as many women are interested in top executive business positions
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Women aren't encouraged to pursue leadership positions from an early age
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Women don't do as good of a job selling their accomplishments
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Women don't have access to the same kinds of personal networks and connections that men have
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Women have fewer opportunities to interact with people in senior positions outside of work
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Sexual harassment creates an environment that makes it harder for women to succeed in business
For tuition costs are too high, please indicate whether this is a reason why you think the higher education system in the U.S. is going in the wrong direction.
Please indicate whether this is a reason why you think the higher education system in the U.S. is going in the wrong direction. Professors are bringing their political and social views into the classroom
Please indicate whether this is a reason why you think the higher education system in the U.S. is going in the wrong direction. Students are not getting the skills they need to succeed in the workplace
Are there any other major reasons why you think the higher education system in the U.S. is going in the wrong direction?
In general, do you think men or women in high political offices are better at being honest and ethical?
In general, do you think men or women in high political offices are better at being willing to take risks?
In general, do you think men or women in high political offices are better at standing up for what they believe in, despite political pressure?
In general, do you think men or women in high political offices are better at serving as a role model for children?
And thinking about some specific policy areas, in general, do you think men or women in high political offices are better at handling economic conditions?
And thinking about some specific policy areas, in general, do you think men or women in high political offices are better at dealing with social issues such as education and health care?
And thinking about some specific policy areas, in general, do you think men or women in high political offices are better at dealing with national security and defense?
In general, do you think men or women in top executive business positions are better at being compassionate and empathetic?
In general, do you think men or women in top executive business positions are better at being willing to take risks?
In general, do you think men or women in top executive business positions are better at valuing people from different backgrounds?
In general, do you think men or women in top executive business positions are better at negotiating profitable deals?
In general, do you think men or women in top executive business positions are better at standing up for what they believe in, despite pressure to make a profit?
In general, do you think men or women would do a better job running a large oil or gas company types of companies?
In general, do you think men or women would do a better job running a major hospital types of companies?
In general, how do you think being decisive impacts a woman's chances of getting elected to high political office?
In general, how do you think being compassionate impacts a woman's chances of getting elected to high political office?
In general, how do you think being assertive impacts a woman's chances of getting elected to high political office?
In general, how do you think showing emotions impacts a woman's chances of getting elected to high political office?
In general, how do you think being decisive impacts a man's chances of getting elected to high political office?
In general, how do you think being compassionate impacts a man's chances of getting elected to high political office?
In general, how do you think being approachable impacts a man's chances of getting elected to high political office?
In general, how do you think being assertive impacts a man's chances of getting elected to high political office?
In general, how do you think showing emotions impacts a man's chances of getting elected to high political office?
In general, how do you think being physically attractive impacts a man's chances of getting elected to high political office?
In general, what do you think is better for a woman who wants to reach high political office?
In general, how do you think being decisive impacts a woman's chances of getting a top executive business position?
In general, how do you think being compassionate impacts a woman's chances of getting a top executive business position?
In general, how do you think being assertive impacts a woman's chances of getting a top executive business position?
In general, how do you think being decisive impacts a man's chances of getting a top executive business position?
In general, how do you think being compassionate impacts a man's chances of getting a top executive business position?
In general, how do you think being ambitious impacts a man's chances of getting a top executive business position?
In general, how do you think being approachable impacts a man's chances of getting a top executive business position?
In general, how do you think being assertive impacts a man's chances of getting a top executive business position?
In general, how do you think being physically attractive impacts a man's chances of getting a top executive business position?
Do you think it would be a good thing or a bad thing for the country if a woman was elected president?
This question is about your household is your spouse now employed full-time, part-time or not employed?
How likely do you think it is that the following will happen in the next 30 years? A Hispanic person will be elected U.S. president
How likely do you think it is that the following will happen in the next 30 years? There will be increasing violence against Jews in the U.S.
Still thinking about the future of our country, how worried are you, if at all, about the ability of political leaders to solve the country's biggest problems?
Who do you think should be mostly responsible for paying for the long-term care older Americans may need?
If you were deciding what the federal government should do to improve the quality of life for future generations, what priority would you give to reducing the gap between the rich and the poor?
If you were deciding what the federal government should do to improve the quality of life for future generations, what priority would you give to reducing the number of undocumented immigrants coming into the U.S.?
Over the next 30 years, who should be most responsible for making sure American workers have the right skills and training to get a good job?
Over the next 30 years, who should be most responsible for making sure young adults have the right skills and training to get a good job?
If robots and computers do much of the work currently done by humans, do you think this would be
Within the next 30 years, how likely do you think it is that the type of work that you do will be done by robots or computers? Do you think this will
Over the next 30 years, do you think the share of Americans who are in upper Class will increase, decrease, or stay about the same?
Over the next 30 years, do you think the share of Americans who are in lower Class will increase, decrease, or stay about the same?
When it comes to sexual harassment and sexual assault in the workplace today, how much of a problem, if at all, would you say women claiming they have experienced sexual harassment or assault when it hasn't actually is?
When it comes to sexual harassment and sexual assault in the workplace today, how much of a problem, if at all, would you say men getting away with committing sexual harassment or assault is?
Do you think the increased focus on sexual harassment and assault has made it easier or harder for men to know how to interact with women, or hasn't it made much difference?
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, by the year 2050, the number of people in the population who are 65 or older will outnumber people younger than 18. In terms of its impact on the country, do you think this will be
Thinking about what the Social Security system will look like when you are ready to retire, do you think there will be enough money to provide benefits to older Americans?
Thinking again about the year 2050, or 30 years from now, do you think abortion will be
In the future, what kind of an impact do you think science and technology will have in solving the biggest problems facing the country?
In the future, what kind of an impact do you think major corporations will have in solving the biggest problems facing the country?
In the future, what kind of an impact do you think the government in Washington will have in solving the biggest problems facing the country?
In the future, what kind of an impact do you think the military will have in solving the biggest problems facing the country?
How much confidence, if any, do you have in religious leaders to act in the best interests of the public?
In general, would you say your view of medical research scientists is
How often, if at all, do you think medical research scientists face serious consequences if they engage in research misconduct?
Thinking about environmental research scientists, how often would you say they do a good job conducting research
Overall, do you think research misconduct by environmental research scientists is
In general, would you say your view of nutrition research scientists is
Thinking about nutrition research scientists, how often would you say they do a good job conducting research
Overall, do you think research misconduct by nutrition research scientists is
How often, if at all, do you think medical doctors face serious consequences if they engage in professional misconduct?
How much, if anything, do you know about what environmental health specialists do?
Thinking about environmental health specialists, how often would you say they provide fair and accurate information when making recommendations
In general, would you say your view of dietitians is
How important do you think scientific research that has immediate practical applications types of scientific research is for society?
How important do you think scientific research that advances knowledge, even if there are no immediate benefits types of scientific research is for society?
For your physical health aspects of your life, would you say that you are, or about where you expected to be at this point in your life?
Overall, how does being Hispanic affect people's ability to get ahead in our country these days?
Overall, how does being Asian affect people's ability to get ahead in our country these days?
Overall, how does being Muslim affect people's ability to get ahead in our country these days?
Overall, how does being a woman affect people's ability to get ahead in our country these days?
Overall, how does being wealthy affect people's ability to get ahead in our country these days?
How often, if ever, does race or race relations come up in your conversations with family and friends?
Do you think race relations in the United States are
Since President Trump was elected, do you think it has become more common or less common for people to express racist or racially insensitive views, or is it about as common as it was before?
How much, if at all, do you think the legacy of slavery affects the position of black people in American society today?
Thinking again about race and race relations in the U.S. in general, how well, if at all, do you think each of these groups get along with each other in our society these days? Blacks and Hispanics
Thinking again about race and race relations in the U.S. in general, how well, if at all, do you think each of these groups get along with each other in our society these days? Blacks and whites
Thinking again about race and race relations in the U.S. in general, how well, if at all, do you think each of these groups get along with each other in our society these days? Blacks and Asians
Do you think each is a major reason, minor reason, or not a reason why black people in our country may have a harder time getting ahead than white people? Less access to good quality schools
How often, if ever, did your family talk to you about challenges you might face because of your race or ethnicity?
How much, if at all, do you think what happens to white people in the country overall affects what happens in your own life?
How much, if at all, do you think what happens to black people in the country overall affects what happens in your own life?
Would you say that black people are treated less fairly than white people, white people are treated less fairly than black people, or both are treated about equally in in hiring, pay and promotions situations?
Would you say that black people are treated less fairly than white people, white people are treated less fairly than black people, or both are treated about equally in in stores or restaurants situations?
Would you say that black people are treated less fairly than white people, white people are treated less fairly than black people, or both are treated about equally in when applying for a loan or mortgage situations?
Would you say that black people are treated less fairly than white people, white people are treated less fairly than black people, or both are treated about equally in in dealing with the police situations?
Would you say that black people are treated less fairly than white people, white people are treated less fairly than black people, or both are treated about equally in by the criminal justice system situations?
Would you say that black people are treated less fairly than white people, white people are treated less fairly than black people, or both are treated about equally in when voting in elections situations?
Would you say that black people are treated less fairly than white people, white people are treated less fairly than black people, or both are treated about equally in when seeking medical treatment situations?
In your daily life, how much interaction, if any, would you say you have with people who are asian
Overall, how much has the people you know helped or hurt your ability to get ahead?
How often, if ever, do you stop yourself from saying something because someone might think you are racist or racially insensitive?
How many white people in our country do you think are prejudiced against black people?
How many white people in our country do you think would confront a white friend or family member if they made a racist or racially insensitive comment or joke about people who are black?
How many black people in our country do you think are prejudiced against white people?
How many black people in our country do you think would confront a black friend or family member if they made a racist or racially insensitive comment or joke about people who are white?
For each, please indicate if you, personally, think it is acceptable. A white person using the n-word
For each, please indicate if you, personally, think it is acceptable. A white person using makeup to darken their skin so they appear to be a different race as part of a Halloween costume
How important, if at all, would you say it is for companies and organizations to promote racial and ethnic diversity in their workplace?
How would most people describe you, for example, if they walked past you on the street? Would they say you are
Thinking about news (by news we mean information about events and issues that involve more than just your friends and family), how often do you get news from a news website or app
How much do you trust the accuracy of the news and information that you get from your main news outlets
How much do you trust the accuracy of the news and information that you get from Social media sites (such as Facebook, Twitter or Snapchat)
How much do you think each type of news and information leaves Americans confused about the basic facts of current issues and events? Satire about an issue or event
How much made-up news and information do you think is created by activist groups
How much made-up news and information do you think is created about emergencies, such as shootings or natural disasters topics?
Overall, how much of an impact do you think made-up news and information has on political leaders' ability to get work done?
How much is each of the following a reason why you click on links to news stories on social media? A friend recommended the story
When you share a news story on social media, how much do you think it impacts the story's overall reach to the public?
In general, does most of the news you see online come from
How much of a problem is the public's difficulty distinguishing facts from opinions when it comes to how the public stays informed about the basic facts of current issues and events?
How much of a problem is too much news to keep up with when it comes to how the public stays informed about the basic facts of current issues and events?
How much of a challenge do you think political divides are in addressing made-up news and information?
How much of a challenge do you think low awareness of current events are in addressing made-up news and information?
If you wanted to check the accuracy of a news story, how confident are you that you would know what steps to take?
As far as you know, how much of what you do online or on your cellphone is being tracked by advertisers, technology firms or other companies?
As far as you know, how much of what you do offline like where you are or who you are talking to is being tracked by advertisers, technology firms or other companies?
How much do you feel you personally benefit from the data that companies collect about you?
How much control do you think you have over the data that companies collect about you?
How much do you feel you understand what companies are doing with the data they collect about you?
On balance, which would you say most accurately describes how you feel?
How concerned are you, if at all, about how much personal information law enforcement agencies might know about you?
How concerned are you, if at all, about how much personal information your employer might know about you?
How much control, if any, do you think you have over who can access the websites you visit?
How often are you asked to agree to the terms and conditions of a company's privacy policy?
When you read a privacy policy, what do you typically do?
How comfortable are you, if at all, with companies using your personal data to help improve their fraud prevention systems?
How comfortable are you, if at all, with companies using your personal data to help them develop new products?
How do you typically update the apps on your smartphone?
In general, how well do these advertisements accurately reflect your actual interests and characteristics?
Do you think the following uses of data/information are acceptable or unacceptable? Makers of a fitness tracking app sharing their users' data with medical researchers seeking to better understand the link between exercise and heart disease
Based on what you know, how effective do you think facial recognition technology is at accurately assessing someone's gender?
Based on what you know, how effective do you think facial recognition technology is at accurately assessing someone's race?
How much, if at all, do you trust the following groups to use facial recognition technology responsibly? Technology companies
How much, if at all, do you trust the following groups to use facial recognition technology responsibly? Law enforcement agencies
In your opinion, is it acceptable or unacceptable to use facial recognition technology in the following situations? Companies automatically tracking the attendance of their employees
In your opinion, is it acceptable or unacceptable to use facial recognition technology in the following situations? Apartment building landlords tracking who enters or leaves their buildings
Please tell us whether you are satisfied or dissatisfied with your family life.
Please tell us whether you are satisfied or dissatisfied with your current job or career.
Do you think it is ever acceptable for an unmarried couple to live together?
How do you feel about allowing unmarried couples to enter into legal agreements that would give them the same rights as married couples when it comes to things like health insurance, inheritance or tax benefits?
How important, if at all, do you think it is for a person to do buy a house before getting married?
Which of the following best describes your current situation? Would you say you
In general, do you think you do
In general, do you think your parents do mother does father does
Thinking back to when you got married, how much, if at all, was companionship a reason you decided to get married?
Thinking back to when you started living with your partner, how much, if at all, was wanted to have children someday a reason you decided to move in together?
Thinking back to when you started living with your partner, how much, if at all, was it made sense financially a reason you decided to move in together?
Thinking back to when you started living with your partner, how much, if at all, was it was convenient a reason you decided to move in together?
Thinking about the future, would you say you
How often, if ever, do you and your partner talk about getting married?
How do you feel about the way household chores are divided between you and your spouse/partner?
How do you feel about your sex life?
How much, if at all, do you trust your spouse/partner to handle money responsibly
Looking ahead, would having children make it
For household chores and responsibilities, who would you say does more?
For managing household finances, who would you say does more?
For managing your child(ren)'s schedule and activities, who would you say does more?
In general, how much, if at all, would you say that you rely on a parent for emotional support?
Was the financial help you received for
In general, how much, if at all, would you say that your adult child(ren) ages 18 to 29 rely on you for emotional support?
in the past 12 months, how much financial help, if any, did you provide for your adult child(ren) ages 18 to 29?
Was the financial help you provided for
Do you think of yourself as
How would you describe your household's financial situation?
How would you describe the financial situation of most Americans?
How would you describe the financial situation of most people in the area where you live?
Now thinking about when you were growing up, how would you describe your family's financial situation for most of the time when you were growing up?
Looking ahead, how important do you think it will be for you to get training and develop new skills throughout your work life in order to keep up with changes in the workplace?
How much of a priority should the following be for the federal government to address: Reducing illegal immigration
How much of a priority should the following be for the federal government to address: Reducing economic inequality
Do you think adequate medical care is something the federal government has a responsibility to provide for all Americans?
Thinking about the nation's economy, how would you rate economic conditions in this country today?
Thinking about your own household's financial situation, how much, if at all, does the availability of jobs in your area affect your household's financial situation?
Thinking about your own household's financial situation, how much, if at all, does real estate values in your area affect your household's financial situation?
Thinking about your own household's financial situation, how much, if at all, does gas prices affect your household's financial situation?
Thinking about the level of economic inequality in the country these days, would you say there is
How much, if at all, do you think the outsourcing of jobs to other countries contributes to economic inequality in this country?
How much, if at all, do you think the automation of jobs contributes to economic inequality in this country?
How much, if at all, do you think not enough regulation of major corporations contributes to economic inequality in this country?
How much, if at all, do you think some people work harder than others contributes to economic inequality in this country?
How much, if at all, do you think our tax system contributes to economic inequality in this country?
How much, if at all, do you think the different life choices people make contributes to economic inequality in this country?
How much, if at all, do you think problems with our educational system contributes to economic inequality in this country?
How much, if at all, do you think discrimination against racial and ethnic minorities contributes to economic inequality in this country?
How much, if at all, do you think the growing number of legal immigrants working in the U.S. contributes to economic inequality in this country?
How much, if at all, do you think the following proposals would do to reduce economic inequality in the U.S.? Increasing the federal minimum wage
How much, if at all, do you think the following proposals would do to reduce economic inequality in the U.S.? Making college tuition free at both public two-year and four-year colleges
How much, if at all, do you think the following proposals would do to reduce economic inequality in the U.S.? Increasing taxes on the wealthiest Americans
How much, if at all, do you think the following proposals would do to reduce economic inequality in the U.S.? Expanding Medicare so that it covers Americans of all ages
How much, if at all, do you think the following proposals would do to reduce economic inequality in the U.S.? Making college tuition free at public two-year colleges
How much, if at all, do you think the following proposals would do to reduce economic inequality in the U.S.? Breaking up large corporations
Do you think the country's current economic conditions are helping or hurting you and your family?
Do you think the country's current economic conditions are helping or hurting the middle class?
Do you think the country's current economic conditions are helping or hurting older adults?
Do you think the country's current economic conditions are helping or hurting young adults?
Do you think the country's current economic conditions are helping or hurting people who are black?
Do you think the country's current economic conditions are helping or hurting people who are Hispanic?
Do you think the country's current economic conditions are helping or hurting people without college degrees?
How much power and influence do you think people who are wealthy have on today's economy?
How much power and influence do you think people who are poor have on today's economy?
Thinking about our economic situation, how would you describe the current economic situation in the U.S.?
How satisfied are you with the way democracy is working in the U.S.?
Do you have a favorable or unfavorable opinion of Germany
Do you have a favorable or unfavorable opinion of nato, that is, North Atlantic Treaty Organization
Would you say China has done a good or bad job dealing with the coronavirus outbreak?
Thinking about restrictions on public activity in the U.S. over the course of the coronavirus outbreak, do you think there should have been
Thinking about the U.S., how much would you say the economic system needs to be changed, if at all?
Thinking about the U.S., how much would you say the healthcare system needs to be changed, if at all?
Thinking about the U.S., how much would you say the political system needs to be changed, if at all?
And how confident are you that America's political system can be changed effectively?
Please compare the U.S. to other developed nations in a few different areas. In each instance, how does the U.S. compare? Healthcare system
Please compare the U.S. to other developed nations in a few different areas. In each instance, how does the U.S. compare? Colleges and universities
Please compare the U.S. to other developed nations in a few different areas. In each instance, how does the U.S. compare? Technological achievements
Please compare the U.S. to other developed nations in a few different areas. In each instance, how does the U.S. compare? Entertainment, including movies, music and television
How much confidence do you have in german Chancellor Angela Merkel leaders to do the right thing regarding world affairs?
How much confidence do you have in french President Emmanuel Macron leaders to do the right thing regarding world affairs?
In the U.S., how strong, if at all, are conflicts between people who are religious and people who are not religious?
Do you think actions taken by the international community to address global climate change, such as the Paris climate agreement, will mostly
How confident are you, if at all, that the actions taken by the international community will significantly reduce the effects of global climate change?
Should the U.S. be the most active of the leading nations, or should it be about as active as other leading nations?
How important, if at all, is it that the U.S. is generally respected by other countries around the world?
Thinking about long-range foreign policy goals, how much priority, if any, do you think strengthening the United Nations should be given?
Thinking about long-range foreign policy goals, how much priority, if any, do you think reducing illegal immigration into the U.S. should be given?
Thinking about long-range foreign policy goals, how much priority, if any, do you think military advantage over all other countries should be given? Maintaining the U.S.
Thinking about long-range foreign policy goals, how much priority, if any, do you think dealing with global climate change should be given?
Thinking about long-range foreign policy goals, how much priority, if any, do you think reducing our trade deficit with foreign countries should be given?
Thinking about long-range foreign policy goals, how much priority, if any, do you think limiting the power and influence of Iran should be given?
Thinking about long-range foreign policy goals, how much priority, if any, do you think improving relationships with our allies should be given?
Thinking about long-range foreign policy goals, how much priority, if any, do you think taking measures to protect the U.S. from terrorist attacks should be given?
Thinking about long-range foreign policy goals, how much priority, if any, do you think limiting the power and influence of North Korea should be given?
Thinking about Joe Biden's ability to handle a number of things, how confident are you that Joe Biden can do deal effectively with global climate change?
How much, if at all, do you think the U.S. benefits from being a member of north Atlantic Treaty Organization, or NATO organizations?
How much, if at all, do you think the U.S. benefits from being a member of the United Nations organizations?
How much, if at all, do you think the U.S. benefits from being a member of the World Health Organization, or WHO organizations?
On balance, do you think of China as a partner of the U.S., a competitor of the U.S. or an enemy of the U.S.?
Please indicate how much of a problem, if at all, each would be for the U.S. - The loss of U.S. jobs to China
Please indicate how much of a problem, if at all, each would be for the U.S. - Cyberattacks from China
Please indicate how much of a problem, if at all, each would be for the U.S. - China's growing military power
Please indicate how much of a problem, if at all, each would be for the U.S. - China's growing technological power
When it comes to whether or not to limit Chinese students studying in the U.S., do you
Do you think white people declining as a share of the U.S. population is generally good or bad for our society?
How much, if at all, would it bother you to regularly hear people speak a language other than English in public places in your community?
Where would you place yourself on this scale?
Thinking about elections in the country, how important, if at all, is people who are legally qualified and want to vote are able to cast a ballot?
Still thinking about elections in the country, how confident, if at all, are you that people who are not legally qualified to vote are prevented from casting a ballot
Do you think the number of legal immigrants the U.S. admits should
When it comes to people who have immigrated to the U.S illegalLY, do you think they generally make the communities they live in