Thinking of your neighbors, would you say you
Thinking again about race and race relations in the U.S. in general, how well, if at all, do you think each of these groups get along with each other in our society these days? Blacks and Hispanics
In general, how often, if ever, would you say you have face-to-face conversations with any of your neighbors
In general, do you think men or women in top executive business positions are better at being compassionate and empathetic?
How much, if at all, is access to grocery stores a problem in youR local community?
Would you say that black people are treated less fairly than white people, white people are treated less fairly than black people, or both are treated about equally in in stores or restaurants situations?
How concerned are you, if at all, about how much personal information your employer might know about you?
In general, how do you think being approachable impacts a man's chances of getting a top executive business position?
Overall, how does being Asian affect people's ability to get ahead in our country these days?
On balance, which would you say most accurately describes how you feel?
In general, how important, if at all, is it to you for someone in a top executive business position to do be willing to take risks?
How often, if ever, do you feel lonely or isolated from those around you
Do you think the country's current economic conditions are helping or hurting older adults?
For managing household finances, who would you say does more?
Thinking again about race and race relations in the U.S. in general, how well, if at all, do you think each of these groups get along with each other in our society these days? Blacks and Asians
How would most people describe you, for example, if they walked past you on the street? Would they say you are
Even if you are not sure, from what you have heard or read, which of these statements about the development of human life on Earth comes closest to what most biological scientists say?
How do you feel about allowing unmarried couples to enter into legal agreements that would give them the same rights as married couples when it comes to things like health insurance, inheritance or tax benefits?
When it comes to raising girls, would you say there is too much emphasis or too little emphasis on encouraging girls to talk about their feelings when they are sad or upset these days, or is it about right?
And how confident are you that America's political system can be changed effectively?
For each one of the following, please indicate whether you think it is a reason why there aren't more women in top executive business positions. Women aren't tough enough for business
In general, how do you think being ambitious impacts a man's chances of getting a top executive business position?
How would most people describe you, for example, if they walked past you on the street? Would they say you are
For managing household finances, who would you say does more?
In general, do you think most people who live in rural areas have values that are